SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

The only supported versions are:

- Latest release, that is published to the GitHub.
- Latest snapshot, that is the latest Git commit.

# Reporting

If you think the issue you want to report can be considered a "security vulnerability" and should not be disclosed
publicly, report it via the "Security" tab on GitHub. Please note that this modification is developed free of charge
in my free time, so please give me a bit to respond. If you can't or don't want to use GitHub Security Tab,
please contact me using one (or more) of the following methods (optionally using one of PGP keys listed below):

- Mail: [pig@vidtu.ru](mailto:pig@vidtu.ru)
- Alt Mail: [imvidtu@proton.me](mailto:imvidtu@proton.me)
- Discord: [vidtu](https://discord.com/users/339357082602176513) (ID: `339357082602176513`)
- Telegram: [@ImVidTu](https://t.me/ImVidTu) (ID: `1067034567`)

Additional contact information may or may not be present on [vidtu.ru](https://vidtu.ru).

## PGP keys

### ECC

Also, available at: [vidtu.ru/pgp_ecc.txt](https://vidtu.ru/pgp_ecc.txt)

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=Nbge
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

### RSA

Also, available at: [vidtu.ru/pgp_rsa.txt](https://vidtu.ru/pgp_rsa.txt)

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=7TAW
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

Commit message:

build(deps): Bump Gradle and ArchLoom

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

The only supported versions are:

- The latest release published to the GitHub.
- The latest pre-release published to the GitHub only if it's newer than the latest published release.
- The latest Git commit build.

# Reporting

If you think the issue you want to report can be considered a "security vulnerability" and should not be disclosed
publicly, **report it via the "Security" tab on GitHub**. Please note that this modification is developed free of charge
in my free time, so please give me a bit to respond. If you *can't or don't want to use GitHub Security Tab*,
__please contact me using one or more of the following methods__ (optionally using one of PGP keys listed below):

- Mail: [pig@vidtu.ru](mailto:pig@vidtu.ru)
- Alt Mail: [imvidtu@proton.me](mailto:imvidtu@proton.me)
- Discord: [vidtu](https://discord.com/users/339357082602176513) (Snowflake ID: `339357082602176513`)

Additional contact information may or may not be present at [vidtu.ru](https://vidtu.ru).

## PGP keys

### ECC

Also available at: [vidtu.ru/pgp_ecc.txt](https://vidtu.ru/pgp_ecc.txt)

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=Nbge
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

### RSA

Also available at: [vidtu.ru/pgp_rsa.txt](https://vidtu.ru/pgp_rsa.txt)

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=7TAW
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```
